Add a new “events” system to admin. When creating an event, you should give the option to make it a password protected one, no password, scan qr code, or show qr code. Make a new field (dropdown) in the submit hours section that contains all events of the club (default to None). If it is password protected, show a new password box underneath after selection, else, just let them pick an event (add a search for the dropdown too). Inside of the admin page, show the events nicely, and when one is clicked on, open a panel of settings with name and description. In the user section, generate them a QR code with their UUID. Add a top nav bar within each event's “workspace” (the place you get to when you click on it). Beside the “Information” tab, add a new tab for QR Code. QR codes are time-tracker based processes (mention that when creating an event). If the user selected Show QR Code, then generate a sign in and sign out QR code. If they selected Scan QR Code, then have a tab for a check in QR code scanner and a tab for a checkout QR code scanner (so that i can just leave my chromebook on the table, people line up and show their UUID QR codes and get signed in / signed out). Below, add a section for conditionals. Conditionals are a way of granting hours by how long they stayed. For instance, add a conditional that you get X hours if you stayed for less than Y hours (tracked), one where you get X hours if you stayed Y hours exactly, and one where you get X hours if you stayed more than Y hours (format the UI and add descriptions so that it is easy to understand, allow decimals). Below conditionals, add a section for which Log they want the hours appended to (FOR QR ONLY). Add a third tab next to the QR Code tab called “Grant Hours”. Here, grant hours based on if there are conditionals (QR Codes), or add a box for default hours granted that gives everyone who attended the event X hours. Make it intuitive so that I can multiselect certain people and give them more / less hours (just make it super customizable here). Must follow conditionals if it's a QR Code event. Automatically approve hours that have been granted (no need for double verification or anything). 

Add a new feature called partnerships. Partnerships are essentially clubs which you don't have to join, but can still submit hours to and get approval (so basically small businesses, food banks, etc.). In essence, they are just the Events & Volunteers tab from the main club admin. For these approvals, just add a badge in the “Approve hours” section of a club's admin saying “Partnership Verified” if the club has a setting where they turned off partnership approval (otherwise just straight approve as admin would in events) (make sure this setting page exists). Partnerships should also have a dashboard with extensive (and i mean TONS) of statistics, etc. Make it so that they can create events and put locations inside so that they can show up on club maps. Make it so that they can also “Affiliate” themselves with a club through a searchable dropdown (add a notification section to club admins to approve affiliations). Add events that are approved with affiliations to an Affiliations tab (kind of like job listings, but not really) in the volunteer tab of a club. Make this UI intuitive as well. Add a partnership dropdown to the submit hours form (default to Club) which shows all of the events of that partnership only inside of the events dropdown below. 

Make the grant hours tab in events make it so that you can update hours of any individual any time as well if circumstances change. 
In club admin, in the volunteer tab, add the ability to add hours as “Granted by Admin” hours, and subtract / edit volunteer hours. 
Reorganize the admin settings tabs because stuff is just everywhere. 
Add descriptors to all UIs so that the entire app is easy to navigate and understand (i.e. hints for creating partnerships instead of clubs if you are the owner of a food bank, etc.). 
